9/3/2024 - We created the github and began to think of what to do for the project. 
We thought of two ideas so far, which are as follows:
  Fan controlled through a relay
    -Uses a microcontroller and a relay to shut a fan on and off based on the readings of a temp sensor
  Gyroscope bike
    -Standard RC bike, but it involves a gyroscope to keep it upright. This involves a microcontroller giving signals to various servos,
    and likely using PWM to control the voltage of the gyroscope. The main challenge would be the power distribution, since there will be a standard brushless motor
    for the gyroscope, and the rest will be servos. We can program the bike to move or we could set it up to be remote controlled
9/5/2024 - 2nd class, finalizing what we want for our project
Decided on the gyroscopic bike
  -using a drone motor and a spinning disk
  -the rest of the bike will be done with servos
we will use the github wiki for the documentation
9/10/2024 - During Class
Main question, how will the bike know when to activate the stabilizer?
  Decided on researching different sensors/ ideas.
  Battery pack, microcontroller, motor drivers, and the DC motors would be the major moving parts.
  The objective will be to only stabilize when needed, otherwise it will interfere with the bike leaning into corners.
  Encasing and framing will be made in the makerspace, likely 3d printed. 
  How will the bike be controlled? Most likely rc which would mean a radio receiver and a controller that will send out the signal
  Will need logic and motor power supply, using the same battery pack.
9/26/2024 - fleshing out the components even more
Have a basic schematic that works for it
decided to test components using a DC power supply
dedcided on the ADXL345 tilt sensor, only using one axis
10/1/2024 - Buying and designing more of the schematic
Decided to try out using and learning about flux, using surface mount or through hole ATMEGA328p.
Mainly only need PWM and room for extension, no need for any complex calculations other than for the accelerometer. 


TEST
Motor with ESU 
Sensor Test  
Complete Test  

11/13/2024 - Were able to print out necessary components and did required testing
ESC was difficult in being able to get to run, this was due to the complexity of the ESC.
Motor worked well, gained enough RPM but did not overheat. ESC was able to handle the load and the battery gave no issues
PWM signal was controlled by potentiometer, only issue from that was that it takes longer to go from 0-100% with such a small potentiometer. 

12/10/24
Updated PCB design:
- added copper layer to act as all common grounds 
- Bill of Materials updated 
- finals testing and part selection needed

12/13/24
- Bill of Materials ordered from digitkey 

12/14/24
- PCB ordered through the use of PCBWAY

12/19/24 
- Parts arrived but not enoguh time to get everything on the board soldered. 
